The following is a description of a person.

The person's Big 5 scores are the following:
score_extraversion = 3 (57th percentile)
score_agreeableness = 3.444 (27th percentile)
wave1_score_conscientiousness = 4 (53rd percentile)
score_openness = 4.1 (69th percentile)
score_neuroticism = 2.875 (60th percentile)
Openness reflects curiosity and receptiveness to new experiences, Conscientiousness indicates self-discipline and goal-directed behavior, Extraversion measures sociability and assertiveness, Agreeableness reflects compassion and cooperativeness, and Neuroticism captures emotional instability and susceptibility to negative emotions. Each score ranges from 1 to 5, and a higher score indicates a greater display of the associated traits.

The person's demographics are the following...
Geographic region: South (TX, OK, AR, LA, KY, TN, MS, AL, WV, DC, MD, DE, VA, NC, SC, GA, FL)
Gender: Male
Age: 50-64
Education level: College graduate/some postgrad
Race: White
Citizen of the US: Yes
Marital status: Never been married
Religion: Protestant
Religious attendance: Seldom
Political affiliation: Republican
Income: $75,000-$100,000
Political views: Conservative
Household size: 2
Employment status: Part-time employment

The person's need for cognition score is the following:
score_needforcognition = 3.611 (58th percentile)
Need for cognition is a personality trait that reflects an individual's tendency to seek out, engage in, and enjoy complex cognitive tasks. The score ranges from 1 to 5, and a higher score indicates a higher need for cognition.

The person's agentic / communal value scores are the following:
score_agency = 6 (78th percentile)
score_communion = 6.833 (45th percentile)
Agency is the meta-concept associated with self-advancement in social hierarchies; communion is the partner concept associated with maintenance of positive relationships. Each score ranges from 1 to 9, and higher values indicate higher propensity for these constructs.

The person's minimalism score is the following:
score_minimalism = 2.833 (23rd percentile)
The score ranges from 1 to 5, and a higher score indicates a higher preference for minimalism.

The person's basic empathy scale score is the following:
score_BES = 3.85 (48th percentile)
The score ranges from 1 to 5, and a higher score indicates more empathy.

The person's G.R.E.E.N. score is the following:
score_GREEN = 3 (31st percentile)
The score ranges from 1 to 5, and higher scores indicate a higher affinity for environmentalism.

The person's CRT score is the following:
crt2_score = 4 (100th percentile)
The score ranges from 0 to 4, and a higher score indicates a greater ability to suppress an intuitive and spontaneous ("system 1") wrong answer in favor of a reflective and deliberative ("system 2") right answer.

The person's fluid and crystallized intelligence scores are the following:
score_fluid = 3 (88th percentile)
score_crystallized = 9 (100th percentile)
Fluid intelligence is the capacity to reason, solve novel problems, and adapt to new situations independent of prior knowledge, while crystallized intelligence is the accumulation of knowledge, facts, and skills acquired through experience and education. The fluid score ranges from 0 to 6, and the crystallized score ranges from 0 to 20; higher scores indicate better performance.

The person's syllogism score is the following:
score_syllogism_merged = 6 (49th percentile)
The score ranges from 0 to 12, and a higher score indicates a greater ability to solve verbal reasoning problems like "All A are B" and "All B are C" implying "All A are C."

The person's total intelligence scores, overconfidence score, and overplacement score are the following:
score_actual_total = 22 (85th percentile)
score_overconfidence = 6 (19th percentile)
score_overplacement = 14 (95th percentile)
The total intelligence score is simply the sum of the person's performances on the aforementioned logic / intelligence questions (ranging from 0 to 42 total correct). The person's overconfidence is the difference between their prediction of their own performance and their actual performance. The person's overplacement is the difference between their prediction of their own performance and their prediction of other respondents' performance.

The person's ultimatum game scores are the following:
score_ultimatum_sender = 40 (65th percentile)
score_ultimatum_accepted = 83.333 (70th percentile)
The sender score is the percent of $5 the person chose to offer another person in the ultimatum game. The receiver score is the percent of offers they accepted, out of a total of 6 offers made in $1 increments from $5 to $0, when acting as the receiver in the game.

The person's mental accounting score is the following:
score_mentalaccounting = 50 (32nd percentile)
The score ranges from 0 to 100 percent, and higher scores indicate a greater adherence to the principles of mental accounting proposed by Thaler: segregate gains, integrate losses, segregate a small gain from a large loss, and integrate a small loss with a large gain.

The person's social desirability score is the following:
score_socialdesirability = 5 (48th percentile)
The score ranges from 0 to 13, and higher scores indicate a greater tendency to respond to questions in a socially desirable way rather than in a truthful way.

The person's secondary conscientiousness score is the following:
wave2_score_conscientiousness = 7 (53rd percentile)
This score was computed using a different questionnaire than the Big 5 conscientiousness score reported above, and it ranges from 0 to 8, but it is otherwise similar. Higher scores indicate a greater propensity for conscientiousness.

The person's Beck anxiety score is the following:
score_anxiety = 3 (32nd percentile)
The score ranges from 0 to 63, and higher scores indicate a higher tendency for anxiety.

The person's individualism vs collectivism scores are the following:
score_HI = 4.25 (52nd percentile)
score_HC = 4 (60th percentile)
score_VI = 2.75 (55th percentile)
score_VC = 4 (64th percentile)
The Horizontal Individualism (HI) score reflects a person's preference for autonomy and equality, the Horizontal Collectivism (HC) score captures a preference for interdependence and equality, the Vertical Individualism (VI) score indicates a drive for personal achievement and acceptance of hierarchical inequality, and the Vertical Collectivism (VC) score denotes a focus on group loyalty combined with acceptance of hierarchical structures. Each score ranges from 1 to 5, and a higher score indicates a greater preference.

The person's financial literacy score is the following:
score_finliteracy = 6 (91st percentile)
The score ranges from 0 to 8, and a higher score indicates the person correctly answered more questions related to general financial literacy.

The person's numeracy score is the following:
score_numeracy = 7 (80th percentile)
The score ranges from 0 to 8, and a higher score indicates the person correctly answered more questions related to numeracy.

The person's modus ponens deductive certainty score is the following:
score_deductive_certainty = 4 (100th percentile)
The score ranges from 0 to 4, and a higher score indicates the person correctly answered more modus ponens questions.

The person's forward flow score is the following:
score_forwardflow = 0.865 (88th percentile)
A higher score indicates the person was able to generate more distant words in a sequence (e.g. "candle -> bee -> sugar" instead of "candle -> fire -> flame"). The actual word chain that the subject generated was the following: bear -> dear -> fear -> gear -> hear -> pear -> tear -> wear -> year -> boar -> bead -> beam -> beet -> bear -> deer -> calf -> worm -> slug -> bird -> cats

The person's discount rate and present bias are the following:
score_discount = 14.051 (56th percentile)
score_presentbias = 0.11 (82nd percentile)
These are implied rates computed from the person's time-value of money preferences. Higher values of the discount rate imply greater impatience. Higher values of present bias imply greater departure from normative economic behavior.

The person's risk aversion score is the following:
score_riskaversion = 0.083 (52nd percentile)
Higher scores indicate a greater tendency for risk aversion in a choice between a sure-amount and lottery payout.

The person's loss aversion score is the following:
score_lossaversion = 0.714 (34th percentile)
Higher scores indicate a greater tendency for loss aversion in a choice between a sure-amount and a lottery payout.

The person's trust game scores are the following:
score_trustgame_sender = 40 (61st percentile)
score_trustgame_receiver = 22 (12th percentile)
The sender score is the percent sent in the trust game (where one player sends money to another, the money is multiplied, and the second player can return some to the first player). The person was asked to list up to 6 thoughts that crossed their mind while playing as the sender and they answered: "I don't know this person so the amount I return is of no consequence.; I am almost always in it to make sure that I can somehow benefit ; the other person may think of me as a cheapskate; I feel they would do the same to me in kind; these games make me nervous as to what is 'the right thing' ?". The person was then asked to list up to 6 thoughts that crossed their mind while playing as the receiver and they answered: "I don't want to appear greedy ; I hope to do things that are acceptable ; the other person does not know me, so whats the harm "

The person's regulatory focus scale score is the following:
score_RFS = 5 (60th percentile)
The score ranges from 1 to 7. Higher scores indicate a stronger orientation toward either promotion or prevention focus, meaning individuals would be more driven by promotional aspirations or more motivated by avoiding losses.

The person's tightwad-spendthrift score is the following:
score_ST-TW = 11 (48th percentile)
The score ranges from 4 to 26. Lower scores (4-11) indicate difficulty spending money, while higher scores (19-26) indicate difficulty controlling spending.

The person's Beck depression score is the following:
score_depression = 9 (54th percentile)
The score ranges from 0 to 61, and a higher score indicates more depressive behaviors.

The person's need for uniqueness score is the following:
score_CNFU-S = 3.583 (89th percentile)
The score ranges from 1 to 5, and higher scores indicate a higher need for uniqueness.

The person's self-monitoring score is the following:
score_selfmonitor = 3.077 (76th percentile)
The score ranges from 0 to 5, and higher scores indicate a higher ability to monitor one's own behavior.

The person's self-concept clarity score is the following:
score_SCC = 2.917 (28th percentile)
The score ranges from 1 to 5, and higher scores indicate a greater certainty about the person's own self-concept.

The person's need for closure score is the following:
score_needforclosure = 3.733 (63rd percentile)
The score ranges from 1 to 5, and higher scores indicate a greater desire for certainty over ambiguity.

The person's maximization scale score is the following:
score_maximization = 3.333 (64th percentile)
The score ranges from 1 to 5, and higher scores indicate a tendency to optimize rather than satisfice when making decisions.

The person's Wason selection score is the following:
score_wason = 2 (65th percentile)
The score ranges from 0 to 4, and higher scores indicate better performance on the Wason selection task.

The person's dictator game score is the following:
score_dictator_sender = 20 (18th percentile)
This is the percent split sent when the person played the dictator game as the sender. The person was asked to list up to 6 thoughts that crossed their mind when playing this game and they answered: "its 20%; i don't know the other person; does he/she know what I started with; its more than generous"

The person also answered three purely qualitative questions about their concept of self. The person was asked, "Please describe the type of person you aspire to be. That is, write about the traits and behaviors you would like ideally to possess, your ultimate goals for yourself. Please write at least 3 sentences." They answered: "I hope to be a decent and good person, to everybody, even to those who I despise. I wish to be remembered especially as a close friend , a considerate partner and a loving family man.  Someone who was giving of his time, his money and his attention.  To leave such a legacy would be the ultimate mark that one can leave to his fellow man."
The person was then asked the question "Please describe the type of person you ought to be. That is, write about the traits and behaviors attributes that you should or ought to possess, based on your responsibilities and what other people expect from you. Please write at least 3 sentences." They answered: "In my day to day interactions, I ought to be responsible to my co workers and tomy superiors.  On time, freshly showered and groomed, on time and with a desire to complete the job correctly and accurately.  I think that this is what most employers want  in their staff members.  I find it exceedingly satisfying to be the person who cheerfully accomplishes the day with a good attitude and friendly disposition."
The person was finally asked the question "Please describe the type of person you actually are. That is, write about the traits and behaviors you actually possess. Please write at least 3 sentences." They answered: "I can be moody and in all truthfulness, I actually am a decent sort of person.  Always willing to assist and help those around me.  I do not live beyond my means  but will volunteer for the cause if needed, as I try to aspire to become a sedulous caretaker of my surroundings.  I may be tired, and discouraged, but in the end, I get the job done, and am grateful to those who support me."